[model: seamless-medium]
[load_seconds: 38.2]
[translate_seconds: 88.2]
[input_chars: 10049]
[chars_per_sec: 114.0]
[flores200_bleu: 67.0]
[flores200_chrf: 80.2]
------------------------------------------------------------

For the story of the frozen ghost.

- The story that comes in the dark (only story - 1703 words)

- Written by Shankar Vishwas

The man who was returning alone from the tuition. His mind is in a state of confusion. He has argued with the false Gita. The girl is such a debater, she cannot be tolerated.

The teacher asked him to solve a math problem, and he went outside to hear his wife's call, and there were two girls and two boys sitting in the front room of his house, and the other three, besides humans, lived in the area.

He was a human being with a mind of his own.

Suddenly, a ghost came from the side and said, "You walk alone in the street in the evening, do you walk alone every day?" See, one day a ghost will suddenly come down from the top of the tree and hit you on the neck.

The boy laughed and the other girl covered her face with her hands and laughed.

"Your haunted road!" - as if the road was built by the father of man. It is the only pitch-paved road in the village.

Gita had to walk from the village to the railway station when she needed to walk on the road.

In anger, the man said, "You don't have a ghost. Have you seen a ghost?"

Have you seen God?

The man panicked, he didn't expect this question to come.

God is one, and ghosts are millions, billions. Don't talk like a fool.

Who told you that God is one? Don't you know that we have thirty-three billion gods and goddesses. We call them all gods.

Not to lose humanity, he said. God is there to make us better.

There's a ghost trying to hurt us. You go alone, one night a ghost will come and slit your throat on that street.

Saying yes, his tongue burst from his mouth, and his eyes turned as if he were dead.

The other two laughed, laughed so loudly that the teacher shouted from the next room, "Hey, don't make a fuss, count carefully".

The man was so excited inside that he wanted to punch the guitar in the throat, but if it was a boy, he could also pass, raise his hand to the girl - "Naib Naib Ch". He lost the argument and raised his hand to a girl, so Kapurishta's name was changed.

It's not that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student, it's that she's not a good student.

The man controlled his anger, did not raise his voice, lowered his head to his chest, and a little later the teacher left. That was the end of the matter.

I don't know what you're talking about.

I've been thinking about it for a long time, and I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've been thinking about it a lot.

It's hard to imagine what it must have been like to walk through the darkness for so long, not knowing what was going to happen next, but still feeling the warmth of home.

I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now, and I've been thinking about it for a while now.

No, everything is the same, there is no change anywhere.

But he did not calm down. A thorn in his side trembled with fear.

I don't know what you're talking about.

There are two distinct parts of the village: the families of the indigenous inhabitants of the village live on the inner side of the village and the new and financially vulnerable people live on the outskirts of the village. The area is mainly inhabited by people of minority origin from East Bengal or those families who once rented in the city and later bought land outside the city to build their own homes.

Many of them have left their land and gone to the cities, and though their fathers and grandfathers are happy in the villages, they no longer want to live in the villages.

Some families have survived because their sons and daughters did not pay attention to education. Some may have done very menial work, some have not got any work. They are living on the money from the land.

Electricity has been coming to the inner part of the village for a long time, but the people on the outskirts of the village are always working in the light of hurricanes, hurricanes and kerosene.

Before the vote, the leaders assured that electricity would be provided in the area, but after the vote, they lost their memories, so the area was plunged into darkness at night.

In the middle of the forest there is a large field and some rice fields. In the middle of the field there is a group of palm trees with their heads held high. Everyone in the village says that there are ghosts in the top of the palm tree. Even if the cattle graze near the forest at two o'clock in the afternoon, no one dares to go down and raise his foot. It is also said that the thieves sit under the palm tree and share the flowers.

A few years ago, when the cows did not return home, a man went in the evening to look for cows in the garden. He had seen a skeleton of a tree growing, his eyes two burning bullets. The man ran away leaving the cow's nest. The news spread all over the village.

The pitcher's chest is ripped off in this area. He's walking down the street human.

In the village, the school is in the old area. The teachers are also residents of the old area. This empty area, where there is no settlement on either side of the road, relies on the light of the moon and battery-powered torches to move around. Very few people move around this area at night.

The railway line runs through the new area. It used to be outside the village, but now it has moved inside the village. The railway station and the surrounding shops have become the center of this lower middle class community. The rickshaw or auto rickshaw runs between the two areas.

I don't know what you're talking about.

The old man was walking through the dark street of the tuition. He walks to the school every day. His school is about a kilometer away. The villagers don't mind walking on this road.

It's still dark, but the sun is shining brightly on the horizon, and it's time to get out of the darkness and into the sunset, where the clouds are falling and the sun is shining brightly on the horizon, and the sun is shining brightly on the horizon.

The place where the man walked was a jungle of palm trees on one side and a rice field on the other. At nightfall, the call of the fox would be heard here. The mothers would put the babies to sleep, "Shut up, or the fox will come and bite them".

No one believes in ghosts. Even though we hear about ghosts in people's mouths, we haven't found anyone who has seen ghosts with their own eyes.

He had seen his father speak irrationally since he was a child, and he explained many cases of seeing ghosts to the man, saying, "If you hear something strange, don't believe it right away, check it first".

But at the same time, human beings have learned that what countless people believe, it is not enough to hear it as superstition, but it is necessary to respect people's beliefs.

I don't know what you're talking about.

But today my mind is shaken, I'm afraid to make a home.

A cold wind was blowing, and the hair on the man's head was falling out.The wind was blowing from where?The leaves of the willow tree were making a loud noise.In the midst of the darkness, the man saw a willow tree moving again and again.His chest was shaking, and his body was trembling.

Suddenly I heard the sound of footsteps behind me, someone was running. I turned around and saw a little boy running. A human stood. The child seemed to be in the fourth or fifth grade.

The child stopped, then jumped for a moment. He came running very fast.

What's the matter? Why were you running?

Aren't you afraid to walk alone in the dark? I saw you from far away and ran to walk with you.

Why did you come out in the dark?

"Look, Deepu told them to go to their house in the afternoon to eat the rice, but his mother broke the rice so late that it was too late to eat the rice".

The two of them started walking again down the dark street, as far as the moonlight could see. The road is not regularly paved, so it's broken down here and there. You have to walk carefully, otherwise there's a chance of falling. But this is the main road in the village.

Having a baby has increased the strength of the human heart.

The child asked, "Did you go to school?"

Yes, of course.

Do you go every day?

No, two days a week.

Walk down this dark road again?

What can I do, there are no more electric lights on the streets.

Aren't you afraid of ghosts?

Human laughter, are you there?

Yes, of course.

Have you seen a ghost?

No, but that's what the grown-ups say.

What do you say?

"Have you not heard that there are demons in the tops of the trees, and that when they see a man alone, they make a noise and frighten him?"

The wives sit on the branches of the trees wearing sarees and shaking their feet.

<unk> and <unk>

At night, the ghosts throw nets into the pond. There is no sign of nets during the day.

This time the human really laughed out loud.

I know all the things you're talking about.

Well, tell me about the palm tree.

The branches of the palm tree are very strong, and they stick to the tree for a long time after the leaves have dried out, and when the leaves are shaken by the wind, they make a noise.

But why do prostitutes sit on tree branches?

It's also very easy to explain, the mother or the father may have put the cloth on the branch of the tree to dry the clothes, then forgot to pick it up in the afternoon. That's what moves in the wind and in the darkness of the night, it seems that someone is sitting on the branch of the tree wearing a sari. I saw it myself.

"Daddy, you've got a lot of nerve, but what about the ghost trap?"

Yeah, it's a little complicated, you can't tell, but I saw it one day.

Have you seen the ghost cast a net?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, what is not what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is

Do you know that much?

Suddenly, the child stood in front of the man and said in a serious voice, "Wait".

The human is a little surprised, what's the baby's name?

The man's face grew longer and longer, and the man's head grew longer and longer, and he became five feet taller than he was. Slowly his face began to change, and his fat body dried up, and he became a black leather-covered body, and that too turned into a skeleton of bones, and he looked up in fear. The white bones of the man's face and nose were darker and darker, and instead of eyes there were only two pieces of burning coal.

He laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed.

Then he asked, "What's the explanation this time?"

9920903316 What is the name of the song?